{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20022\c20022\c19997;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19780\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 The App Store is not to share your app with family and friends.\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 As long as the apps are respectful to users and also other developers with differing opinions and the quality of the app experience is great, it will have no problem on the App Store. Before you submit the app, ensure that it has been run successfully and all the codes are in accordance with the guideline.\
Application should be Safe to download. Apps should not include content that is offensive, insensitive, upsetting, intended to disgust, in exceptionally poor taste, or just plain creepy. It should have methods to control and filter objectionable material if the app has user generated content. If the app developed is for medical purpose, make sure you have all the data provided is accurate and have Disclosures for it. Also, People need to know how to reach you with questions and support issues. Make sure that the app Support have URL included, an easy way to contact you. Apps should implement appropriate security measures to ensure proper handling of user information collected.\
Application should have a proper description of the fundamentals of the application also should display insights of its use. Hardware resources should be used efficiently and should not any damage to the hardware. Keep your apps up-to-date and make sure you phase out any deprecated features, frameworks or technologies that will no longer be supported in future versions of an OS. Apps must be fully functional on IPv6-only networks. Also the applications should acknowledge the user if using any background services and alerts user about its consequences. Apps using CallKit or including an SMS Fraud Extension should only block phone numbers that are confirmed spam. Apps must request explicit user consent and provide a clear visual and/or audible indication when recording, logging, or otherwise making a record of user activity.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 There are many ways to monetize your app on the App\'a0Store. If your business model isn\'92t obvious, make sure to explain in its metadata and App Review notes. Remember to assign the correct purchasability type or your app will be rejected. Application should provide a value to user if they are purchasing your app, even after they auto-renewal subscription. It should also provide insight and usage details for further uses. Apps using Apple Pay must provide all material purchase information to the user prior to sale of any good or service and must use Apple Pay branding and user interface elements correctly. It is highly unacceptable if you are creating an interface for displaying third-party apps, extensions, or plug-ins similar to the App\'a0Store or as a general-interest collection.\
Design of your application should be your own ideas, do not copy interface or design feature from existing app on store. Maintain the integrity among developers and provide proper functionality. Treat everyone with respect, whether in your responses to App\'a0Store reviews, customer support requests, or when communicating with Apple, including your responses in Resolution Center. All account creation and management must be initiated from the host device. You should clearly and accurately disclose what extensions are made available in the app\'92s marketing text, and the extensions may not include marketing, advertising, or in-app purchases.\
Apps may use approved Apple RSS feeds such as the iTunes Store RSS feed, but may not scrape any information from Apple sites (e.g. apple.com, the iTunes Store, App\'a0Store, App\'a0Store Connect, developer portal, etc.) or create rankings using this information. Push Notifications must not be required for the app to function, and should not be used for advertising, promotions, or direct marketing purposes or to send sensitive personal or confidential information. Apps may display customized icons, for example, to reflect a sports team preference, provided that each change is initiated by the user and the app includes settings to revert to the original icon.\
Applications must offer Sign in with Apple as an equivalent option as any third party or social login. Apps must comply with all legal requirements in any location where you make them available. All apps must include a link to their privacy policy in the App\'a0Store Connect metadata field and within the app in an easily accessible manner. Apps using users data or collecting users data should have their consent at all time.}