{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c20044\c20044\c19994;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 iOS application should present clarity and depth throughout the system. The appearance and behaviour should be consistent and match the application function. It should provide constant feedback of user manipulation and user control. Navigation through the app should be made clear with the use of views and bars, should also provide the insight of the controls present in the app.\
Loading of the app should be quick and progress about the same should visible to the user. The design should have modality and navigation for user to understand where they are and what actions should be taken foe them to reach the destination in app. Permissions should be displayed to user while accessing any personal data and should provide convenient ways to adjust their experience.\
 Ease of access for user interaction should be carefully designed to provide enhanced user experience. \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Design an adaptable interface that looks great when running in split view.\cf2 \cb3  And should be able to cope up with the multitasking environment with proper resume and pause options.\
Visuals designs should be used in accordance with users to make them more engaged and provide more insight about the application visually. It should behave as expected with iOS compliance. Visuals are a direct mode of interaction with users, so make sure it is enhanced and provide every detail about the content present on the screen and should behave same on any device irrespective of the size. \cf2 \cb3 Supply high-resolution images for all artwork in your app, for all devices your app supports.\cf2 \cb3  \cf2 \cb3 Optimize JPEG files to find a balance between size and quality. \
Icons should use system icons as intended and provide alternate text labels for them. Feedbacks or navigation should not hinder the display of content on screen and should consume minimum space of the screen in some cases it will be best to hide while on full display mode.\
All the views on the screen should be customized in order to give proper understanding of the options and understand their controls while making the choices. Use of proper indications and terminology on the controls should be there to help user to understand the actions quickly and should present clear picture of actions that\'92s going to happen once chosen.\
Also, Design an intuitive interface that provides focus on content and highlights interesting iOS app content. Colors and design features should provide fun and collaborative experience.}